Welcome back in this lesson where you to look at query selector are all so unlike just like what we
saw last time with query selector basically queries select her all returns back all the elements within
the document that match the specified group of selectors.
So previously we looked at and we saw that we can have multiple elements and it would simply return
back that first one in query selector.
But what happens if we want to grab all of the elements.
So we have the ability to grab all of them that match whatever format we're actually looking for.
So if for instance we want to have a div and then any divs that have children of output we can select
those as well so this will be.
Pick me one pick two.
And now let's go back into it.
TMF So usually this is my starting point when I want to make sure that I'm grabbing the elements that
I actually do want to make use of.
I usually do start with CSX.
So this one is div and output and this time let's just copy this background color red it will get rid
of some of these styles that we already have here within the that we're using for query selector.
So let's go back out and refresh the page
so click the page refresh it.
And now we can see that we're selecting these four elements.
So now we know that those are the ones that are actually going to get used and output within the query
selector.
So let's grab that and see SS As you probably aware if you're familiar with CSSA there's quite a lot
you can do you can do quite a lot of really cool things when you're grabbing within the CSSA.
And that's what it's designed for.
So similar to what we're doing within the dorm.
It's designed to grab a bunch of elements and do something with them.
So let's grab that and we're going to do Querrey selector all.
So now we've got so let me get rid of that because we don't have just one element.
We've got a number of them.
So we've got four of them that are being returned.
And as we saw earlier as well when we're just using the classes we've got kind of a mixed bag of different
ones that are being returned.
So some of them might be device but actually they're all divs but we could have a case where they're
not the same elements and it could be various elements that are being returned.
So now that we've used queery selector I wouldn't want you to do is to try the search for yourself.
Try using Querrey selector select a bunch of the elements and then grab the inner h him out because
we know that there are all divs by looking at it.
So just simply grab that inner h TNL and up output update the value of those elements.
So go ahead try it out and I'll show you the solution coming up
so welcome back and I hope you had an opportunity to work with Querrey selector.
All salute me show you the solution and we know that because we've got multiple elements that basically
means that we do need a loop.
So I use my typical variable x set that loops up and we also know that he has a length value within
that object and we also know we need to increment x 2 in order to break out of our loop eventually.
So as we're looping through them we can grab that element.
So grab the element that is at this index value as we're looping through them and do h t m l and then
equal that r h to mail to it worked.
And that's it.
So let's go ahead and try that within our screen and we can see that we've updated them all to say it
worked.
So I've got one more challenge.
Within this lesson and this time what I want you to do is turn queery selector all into an actual function
so we can pass multiple loops here multiple values.
And when we update what we're selecting So this needs to be passed as an argument and picked up within
the function and then the function would simply be returning back the results from the query selector.
So returning back that value as an object so place this within a function and try it out and I'll show
you the solution coming up.
So a lot of times it's a great idea that you have this type of stuff within a function because they
don't always have to do query select or all you can simply pass the parameters through and then return
back the results.
So let's go take a look at that now.
And create a function.
So this function basically will do.
So we just call it Q S and it's going to take the element selector within the parameters there and instead
of outputting it here let's return back document query selector all and it's going to simply look through
this argument here and instead of this where you updated it and just do queue s.
So the query selector and this time.
So it's more dynamic this way.
So go back and refresh the page and we can see that.
Now we're getting this output and when we go and we type in El we're not getting a result.
And that's because we need to specify it as a class.
So go back out and refreshed and you'll find that now we've actually updated all of the inner h t m
l and e l now it contains all of those elements.
So now we've made it dynamic.
So now is the second part of this challenge where Let's update one of these input fields and add a button
to it and have an On Click event where we're going to pass the parameters from this input field and
make this dynamically output and update depending on the classes that we're selecting.
And then output the inner h to M-L into the first message we'll just get rid of the second message area
and output whatever we've selected output the contents within the message area.
So go ahead and try that out and I'll show you the solution coming up.
So let's update this.
So we've got our input and let's change it from first to Querrey So we'll just call it Querrey stuff
and also give it an idea of Querrey stuff.
So that way we can pick up the value and next to input type and let's create a button.
And for this button we're going to do an on click event.
So on click the button and I want to fire off my ACL for my selection and what we can do then just add
in a value
get Querrey.
So basically we're going to get the results back of the query and this is how we're going to initiate
and trigger that action.
So let's close that off.
So basically now we need to go over to here and create a function.
So we're going to keep what we have already and we're going to create a brand new function.
So my S L and this function.
So the first thing that we need to do is we need to grab the contents of this input here and because
we only have one of them are going to simply use get element by ID so variable and make it a local variable.
So I got to give it an A and document get element by id and this element is Querrey stuff.
And we're going to return back the value of the contents of that element.
So the next thing that we want to do is say we want to be able to add and input that information there
for the query.
So now that we've got that we can simply output that here and we can actually update it to actually
query out that selection.
And then the next thing that we needed to do is we need to update the inner t amount of the message
area.
So let's set up a variable here local variable to hold it and we'll just call it results.
And do a line breaks it breaks apart the content there.
And next let's pull that one out and update this to be.
And this one again we need to specify so documents and we're doing yet element by ID.
And so the idea for this one is message and let's fix that up.
So in our age to Mel.
So basically got to get rid of this as well.
So now we're looping through it and we need to build out our h M-L value.
So we're going to increment and can contaminate it together and we know that we've got a number of elements
here.
So depending on the element.
So in it to pull that into our as an object usable format
so E-L and X because this is the Loopt index value of the element as we're looping through and we're
just going to do in our text sort of to pull back all of that H-2 mail.
So there we go.
And we've just got a couple of functions here so let's go ahead and try this out.
So now we know that when we input it.
So if I do output we can see that we can return back all of the results and we can play around a bit
with this as well so highlight.
So if we want to get back highlight we can see that we return back both of those results lets out in
line break as well.
So that we can have a nice neater output.
And let's go ahead and try that again.
So go back and refresh it.
So now let's let's try output and do the query.
So we get all of those results next.
We can do highlight and we can really have some fun with this if we want to get information that's contained
within there so maybe we want to even get message.
So let's do message.
So we're going to output whatever is contained within message and notice that the format changes because
we're just doing the inner text.
We're not doing the age to model.
So this was the actual dynamic content that we generated and now we're able to pull that out as well.
So we've got another one with an I.T.
So try it out for yourself and make some updates to your H Tamal thing and different classes IDs and
then try it out and test yourself to see what different values you can return back using this type of
format and using of course the query selector.
All method.